hey guys it's me drew and I'm gonna do
my Bath and Body Works haul I am super
excited this was from their semi-annual
sale that is going on now until July
seventh and I was a little disappointed
whenever I walked in the store but that
was not gonna stop me from getting
anything I picked up two four six eight
ten candles and some body care and just
another little tiny thing so I'm going
to go ahead and start with the body care
I came in for one fragrance I only
bought one fragrance I had willpower and
that's all that I bought so I got the
cotton blossom and this is the body
lotion the shower gel and I don't
believe that these ones are Shia
enriched or shea enriched because um
they were only three dollars and this
was the old formula and then a body
splash so I got the whole ritual and
that was only nine dollars so it was a
very affordable price I was super
excited about that then they had summer
boardwalk wallflowers seventy-five
percent off which made each one one
dollar and 61 cents so I picked up two
of these summer boardwalks I was super
super excited to see those there and now
the rest candles um I asked my manager
if there was anything exciting there she
said the only thing that we have is one
summer boardwalk left and they're not
getting any more in for fifty percent
off and I figured I already have a
couple but what's one more gonna do I
love this scent anyway might as well buy
it it smells incredible I love this
scent so much just a salty Apple sent
love it then I said is there anything
different do you have anything that I
have to have is there any limited
candles that you have anything from last
year a couple years ago or anything a
test sent summertime soda pizzeria
nothing
so that really made me upset but then I
said well that's just more candles that
i can buy then like more homemade
cookies or whatever like that well she
said we did have Dolce but they're all
gone well I saw a candle sitting in the
back like this don don don todd it is
Dolce I was super excited she said
somebody must have returned it and it's
brand new nothing wrong with it I'm like
well I will take that from them right
now and this was fifty percent off this
is an irresistible Italian treat is
captured in a delectably fragrant blend
of pure vanilla bean rich caramel and
French fresh cream this smells ninety
percent like vanilla bean oil and then
the other tiny bit just makes it less
Christmassy and more Italian I don't
know how to describe that that's just
how I feel I did want to get some lemon
cello more lemoncello three words
because I only have two left and they
didn't have any they were all sold out
so if they get more in though she will
text me and let me know so I hope there
is more in the next one is mint
chocolate and the rest of these are the
ones that were out that we're old sense
that came back for semi-annual this says
semi-sweet chocolate dark cocoa and
peppermint with vanilla cream and white
chocolate this smells incredible smells
just like mint chocolate ice cream I
remember when this came out a couple
winners ago and I'm like this is
incredible then they discontinued it so
happy this one's back I might have to
stock up on a couple more of those I
only bought 2 of 1 cent of these then we
have salted caramel and I love salted
caramel this one says sweet cream and
caramel sprinkled with glazed pecans
super simple right to the point and
that's all it smells like it just smells
like salt and caramel I don't get any of
the pecans Popcaan but it might come out
more whenever I burn it I don't know
we'll just see then we'll do this one
ice cream shop now this was out with the
boardwalk
election last year so I don't know why
the pictures changed it was not like
this before this is a bunch of scoops of
ice cream this is just like the perfect
ice cream sundae creamy vanilla rich
toffee and sweet almond blossom with a
cherry on top and this just smells like
when ice cream shop did last year for
some reason this smells a little
different though maybe just because I
don't remember ice cream shop from last
year because I don't have any that's
that has to be at but I don't know then
one of my favorites homemade cookies of
all the frosted cupcake homemade cookies
type sense homemade cookies is by far my
favorite because it's different whipped
butter cream and pure cane sugar mixed
with vanilla bean and rich sweet cream
this I mean it has a picture of a
chocolate chip cookie on the front but
it's not chocolate chip cookies and
these have the black centered wicks so I
know they're gonna burn amazingly but it
doesn't smell like a chocolate chip
cookie it just smells like cookie batter
I don't even know how to describe it
it's just incredible I need to stock up
on a couple more of those then apple
crumble which is kind of weird because
this was just that last fall I thought
it did really really well so I don't
know why they're not bringing it back
this year baked granny smith and
macintosh apples talking with vanilla
crumble cinnamon and nutmeg this smells
super good it just smells like apple
crumble from a couple years ago and last
year just at cinnamony Apple sent but
it's just perfection I love it the wicks
are not looking very good they're very
thin so hopefully it burns good and I'm
sure it will then we have a caramel
apple and again I only bought one of
these which is kind of weird because I
was going to buy more Golden Apple brown
sugar and creamy caramel are blended
with a jewel pair nutmeg and vanilla
cream I love the scent it does smell
like an apple dipped in caramel but for
some reason that looks like a candy
apple at first picture but now I can
tell it's a little bit of caramel but
it smells super good since just like a
caramel apple these are definitely
saving for fall then the one that i
bought two of because i love this one so
much kitchen spice I love kitchen spice
for some reason it's just the perfect
scent for any room I think a comforting
mixture of nutmeg allspice hazelnut and
caramel I love this it reminds me a lot
of their creamy nutmeg sent but it just
smells so good um trying to think of
what else is in here um the caramel and
the hazelnut bring down I think a lot of
the other spices because when you think
kitchen spice you think it's gonna be
super spicy and all kind of stuff like
that but it's not it's just like a
really creamy just I love that one like
if if you could get any to it would be
kitchen spice and homemade cookies those
are two of the best sense ever I just
love them I think they are just good for
all year round like their doesn't want
to cookies cookie sent and who doesn't
want to kitchen e-type sent I don't know
I really love them but anyway that was
my Bath & Body Works haul I hope you
guys enjoy I am now off to sea monsters
University which I'm super super super
excited about I think it's gonna be
amazing but anyway they'll free to
comment rate and subscribe why would you
later